


make prototype to see if its even fun

------------FARMS:
each farm has its own benefit, later farms aren't necessarily better, might have more valuable crops but longer grow time, might not have anything valuable to grow and sell but need it for certain upgrades
or you can buy them in any order, each has needs specific something to be unlocked so each player unlocks different farms at different times

CROPS:

ORES:

ANIMALS (only 4 but diff rarities)?:

FISH:

FOOD:

POTIONS:

TOOLS/WEAPONS:

STATUES (npc characters):


TOOLS / WEAPONS:
battle axe, knife, sword, trident, bow, crossbow, fishing rod, fireworks, pickaxe, hoe, shovel, axe, shield, helmet, boots, arrow, bomb, armor

COSMETICS:
rings, necklace, boots, helmet, socks, shoes, shirt

ORE:
stone, copper, gold, iron, tin, aluminum, obsidian, ruby, emerald, diamond, sapphire, amethyst, coal

CROPS:
grass, mushrooms, carrots, potatoes, beets, wheat, tomato, pumpkin, cabbage, corn, honey, flowers, trees, bamboo, rice

OTHER:
slimes, other creatures and animals, mystery meat, rainbows, bones, feather, leather, ink, eyes,

FOOD:
cake, cola, bread, pie, cookie, soup, milk, pasta, burger, pizza, fries, fish, meat, slop, chocolate, ice cream

MAGIC:
sun, moon, potions, heart, cursed, blood, electric, fire, water, poison, earth, ice, void, music, bubble, glow, 

TECH:
pc, phone, mic,


procedurally generated caves, contains things you can mine and sell, has enemies that you tap on to kill to also get drops. cannot go back to previous caves. caves are random so later caves aren't necessarily better, will have better upgrades later on tho so it will feel like they are better. cant move on to next cave until find entrance hidden under a rock or something. sometimes hidden under something difficult to break so you need to buy specific tools like bombs or stronger pickaxe or a key. caves should be easy to clean so you can grind through them super fast and should be satisfying. caves can have chests that have super valuable stuff. caves are main way of getting seeds. different biomes of caves have different types of seeds, each biome matches one of the farms.

experiment with game balance. game should be satisfying and feel like you progress extremely fast. no tedious or annoying shit. everything scale up fast, not necessarily base value of crops but like upgrades (increase x crop value by 3x), crop grow time, and difficulty of caves

to simplify things, 1 in game currency = 1 xp so you level up by selling stuff

cool idea for song: same song(s) for cave, shop, and farms, but the tempo and/or pitch changes in each

game should have very fast progression but tons to do so it still takes a decent amount of time to beat the game, 
should have an actual ending to the "story" and then show stats at end like how much time (in game), total money, etc.

----------UPGRADES:

OTHER:
unlock cave
increase inventory space
auto sell (can choose what to sell automatically)

ALL FARMS:
hold to plant
hold to water
hold to harvest
crop grow rate
crop 

SPECIFIC FARM:
increase farm size
improve soil, crops grow faster
improve quality, crops have better chance of higher rarity dropping


CAVE:
increase durability sword
increase durability pickaxe
increase sword damage
increase pickaxe damage
hold instead of click to attack
hold instead of click to mine
hold to pick up items
auto pick up items 
more monster spawns
higher monster drop rate
more chest spawns
higher chest spawn rate
more special dungeons
more valuables
increase value of items


----------QUESTS: (add in future update, kinda out of scope)
npcs ask for specific things you need to help with, mostly giving specific item they want
main quest give big rewards and are mandatory to unlock certain things
side quests just for quick cash or extra items

